                                 A few things about Mobile Banking Service
                                                                                               Business English 1401
                                                                                               刘文 201434064
  In order to meet the increasing demand for financial service of people,Mobile Banking Service is developed in recent years after the developments of E-bank and telephone bank.It is a total concept which involves many Mobile Banking Service Apps of many different banks,such as China Construction Bank(CCB),China Merchants Bank(CMBC) and so on.Mobile Banking Service is an extension of E-bank.The usage of it is greatly convenient for people's life.
  1.Reduce the time of queuing to pay fees.
  If you download Mobile Banking Service in your mobile phone,you can pay the water,the electricity,the gas,the telephone charge and some other fees without going outside.Once the electricity of your home is out of power,seconds later the house will be bright with just your fingers moving a little.
  2.24-hour service and SMS-controlling account.
  Mobile Banking service also has the sms function.All the trading conditions will be texted to your personal mobile phone through the software which makes the operation safer and more clear.
  3.More private and safer
  What's more,Mobile Banking Service is more private.In this way ,it can guarantee the safety of customer exchanges and savings account fund.After quitting the software,the information which is browsed will be deleted immediately.As a result,if a mobile phone is lost,the person who picks up it can not register Mobile Banking Service without the password.
  However,there are many disadvantages still existing in the software.The most notable one is the problem caused by a new cell-phone number.People need to relink the connection between the mobile phone and Mobile Banking Service.It really costs a lot of unnecessary time.Another disadvantage is that the improper safekeep of personal mobile phone which may cause the loss of personal information.And now only four domestic banks own this software.The popularizing rate of Mobile Banking Service is low.
  Personally,i think the interface of most Mobile Banking Service Apps are not nice and humanized.Sometimes i could not find the very function i want to find so that i fail to deal with the tradings on time.Due to the different perferences of people,the interface should be changed personally based on the users' needs.
  Although we can not find out the important status of Mobile Banking Service in mobile communication market from the statistic data at present,the future of this software is bright and the potential power of it is strong. It can owe to the low cost and the high efficiency in users' communication.According to the expert,Mobile Banking Service will be popularized worldwide within few years.As a consequnce,it can benefit more people in the world. 
